# Restaurant-Visitor-Prediction

Recruit Holdings’ Dining Services in Japan has uncovered an opportunity for new customer growth and increased customer retention. Using its vast amount of data on restaurant visits and reservations across Japan, they believe they can substantially increase their value in the eyes of restaurant owners by marketing their accurate forecasting capabilities as one of their major product offerings. Our team hopes to help them make enhanced predictions to grow their business and ultimately drive revenue for Recruit Holdings. 
The goal of this project is to predict the number of people that will visit 829 restaurants between April 23rd, 2017 and May 31st, 2017. The provided data contains information on restaurants in various parts of Japan from January 2016 to April 2017, which will be used to train our static and dynamic models and to predict the number of visitors for each restaurant throughout the specified 39-day period. 
Naturally, this can be treated as a time series forecasting problem since the predictions are dependent on the number of visitors observed on the preceding dates with an element of seasonality. Despite these convoluting factors, this problem can also be cast into a standard regression problem. It is important to note that the test data spans a holiday week in Japan called the ‘Golden Week’ which is intended to be an additional ambiguity the algorithm must learn to traverse. There are days in the test set where the restaurant was closed and had no visitors which are omitted from scoring. 
